don't cancel existing subscriptions when updating cache from another source (#10597)
apollographql/apollo-client: .changeset/swift-mails-search.md

---
"@apollo/client": patch
---

> Fix a potential race condition between a link and parallel cache updates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a race condition where parallel cache updates from multiple queries would sometimes result in incorrect `data`.
```

See if you like this a bit better. I think the "between a link" feels a bit too ambiguous, or at least I'm not sure it adequately describes the fix here. Seems like the "multiple queries" is important looking at your test. Feel free to tweak this a bit more, but just wanted something that might help a dev looking at our changelog understand what we fixed!
